fire on their way to the international
court of justice it was clear what they
wanted to hear to these protesters the
world's highest court was their last
hope to stop Israel's military campaign
in Gaza among them Palestinians living
in Europe Keen to relay some good news
to their relatives back home actually
it's a very big day it's like a historic
moment it's a day that we hope that our
hope and the International Community
will be born again
relief when the Court's president Joan
donu acknowledged the suffering of the
people in Gaza and ordered Israel to
take all measures to prevent
genocide but the mood changed when it
became clear the court did not order
Israel to stop the war the ruling is is
is not good enough I mean we've made
some good wins but at the same time you
can't really order Israel to do
everything within its power to stop the
genocide while not ordering a ceasefire
this is a turning point I mean I look at
it and and I see that now Israel is
being admitted to this case of genocide
and years to come now trying to defend
itself for us someone like as gazan now
I have my families asking me on daily
basis will that stop our suffering will
that stop the genocide against us the
sad news I have to say to them they have
traveled from countries all over Europe
for one thing and that's an immediate
ceasefire now the world court has
disappointed them these protesters are
vowing to continue to go to the streets
until Israel stops Bing
Gaza to them the world's highest court
is not the end of the road it's only a
step or a station on our way on our way
to our destination which is The
Liberation and own state for Palestine
and getting the rights of the
Palestinian and equality in Palestine
our way is may be long but we will keep
it up until we reach our destination and
their Spirit which went from Hope to
disappointment remains unbroken stop Fen
Al jazer
the make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer